<<<02 propriate IPD may increase the risk of discomfort. • This product has an “Eye Protection Mode”, certified by TÜV Rheinland (Germany), which can protect your eyes by reducing blue light in the three color channels using software algorithms. The screen ap - pears yellowish in this mode and you can turn this feature on/off in "Settings"►"Display"►"Color"►“ - Eye Protection”. • Protect optical lenses during use and storage to prevent damage, such as scratches or exposure to strong light or direct sunlight.In The Box: VR Headset / 2 Controllers / 4 1.5V AA Alkaline Batteries / Glasses Spacer / Nose Pad / 2 Controller Lan - yards / USB-C Power Adapter / USB-C to C 2.0 Data Cable / Quick Guide / User Guide / Safety and Warranty Guide Important Health & Safety Notes • This product is designed and intended to be used in an open and safe indoor area, free of any tripping or slipping hazards. To avoid accidents, remain conscious to the potential confines of your physical area and respect the boundary of your virtual area whenever you see it. Be sure to wear the lanyards when using the Controllers. Make sure that there is enough space around your head and body (at least 2 meters by 2 meters) to stretch your arms to avoid damage or injury to yourself, others, and your surroundings. • This product is not recommended for children aged 12 and under. It is recommended to keep headsets, controllers and accessories out of the reach of children. Teenagers aged 13 and over must use it under adult supervision to avoid accidents. • This product is designed to accommodate most prescription glasses. Make sure to wear the VR Headset in a manner in which the VR Headset lenses do not rub or impair your pr escription lenses. • Prolonged use may cause dizziness or eye fatigue. It is recommended to take a break every 30 minutes. Try relieving your eyestrain by looking at distant objects. If you feel any discomfort, stop using the prod - uct immediately. If the discomfort persists, seek medical advice. • Do not expose the optical lenses to direct sunlight or other strong light sources. Exposure to direct sunlight may cause permanent yellow spot damage on the screen. Screen damage caused by sunlight exposure or other strong sources of light is not covered by the warranty. • This product supports interpupillary distance (IPD) adjustment in system settings. When adjusting, please be aware that with the minimum IPD, it may touch the bridge of the nose. You can adjust the IPD according to your actual interpupillary distance in "Settings"►"Display". Please note that using inap -* Product and packaging are updated regularly, and the functions and contents of the standalone headset may be upgraded in the future. Therefore, the content, appearance and functionality listed in this manual and product packaging are subject to change and may not reflect the final product. These instructions are for reference only. * Carefully read this user guide before using the product and share this information with any other users, as it contains important safety information. Keep the user guide as reference for the future.03 This product can not guarantee your safety with guardian system, you will need to always pay attention to the surrounding safety.2m2m6 Degrees of Freedom VR The device can track your translational and rotational movements in all directions (up/down, left/right, forward/backward, pitch, roll, and yaw). Your movements in the real world will be captured and translated to what you see in the virtual world when using the appropriate content. Ensure a safe environment before you start your VR experience. 1. Clear a safe indoor area of at least 2 meters by 2 meters. Keep the room bright, avoid spaces with main - ly single-colored walls, glass, mirrors, moving pictures or other similar objects. 2. Remove the protective film that covers the headset front cameras. Wear the lanyards connected to the Controllers. 3. Set up your environment by following instructions on the VR Headset screen.❶ Install Batteries Pull the tab to remove the insulating paper. * Note: 1.5V AA alkaline batteries should be used. Slide the toggle according to arrow direction to open the battery case.Quick Guide04 ❷Power on the Controller First Start: The Controller will start automatically after removing the insulating paper. Others: Short press the Home button for 1 second until the status indicator flashes blue. ❸Power on the VR Headset Long press the Power button for 2 seconds until the status indicator turns blue.❹ Wear Your Headset for a Comfortable Fit and View Adjust the strap dial to turn the strap so that the back of your head rests on the padding. Fine-tune the length and position of the strap to give a clear view. * Note: You can use this product with prescription glasses or lenses insert.05 64mm❺Fine-tune the Top Strap Fine-tune the head strap to reduce pressure on the forehead.❻Interpupillary Distance (IPD) Adjustment In System Setting, go to “Setting” ► “Display” to adjust IPD, tap “+” or “-” button to slightly adjust IPD until the picture is clear. Please note that inappropriate IPD setting may cause ghosting or eyestrain. Accurate IPD setting helps you get a clear imaging and ease eyestrain.06 VR Headset Status Indicator Legend Blue: Powered on with battery over 20% Yellow: Charging: Battery is less than 98% Red: Charging: Battery is less than 20% Green: Charging: Battery is more than 98% or charge complete Blue flashing: Shutting down Red flashing: Battery is less than 20% Off: Sleeping or Powered offUSB-C Interface Left/Right Speaker Proximity Sensor The system wakes up when the VR headset is put on, sleeps when VR headset is taken off.⑨ ⑩ ⑪RGB See Through Camera Do not block during use. Top Strap Removable Strap Dial Tracking Cameras Do not block during use.⑤ ⑥ ⑦ ⑧Power Power on: Long press for 2 seconds Power off: Long press for 5 seconds Hardware reset: Long press for 10 seconds Short press to enter sleep or wake up Status Indicator Face Cushion Volume① ② ③ ④Product Details Eye Tracking Cameras Pro version only. Do not block during use. Face Tracking Camera Pro version only. Do not block during use.⑫ ⑬07 Controller Status Indicator Legend Off: Connected or Powered off Blue: Firmware updating in progress Blue flashing: Searching for connection Red and blue flashing alternately: Pairing in progress* Note: Pass the Controller Lanyard through the string as shown and lock at the end of the ControllerStatus Indicator Grip Capture Trigger④ ⑤ ⑥ ⑦Joystick Menu① ②Home Power on: Short press Power off: Long press for 6 seconds Return home screen: Short press Screen recentering: Press for 1 second ③ Battery Case Open: Slide down the toggle and pop up the battery case. Lock: Push the battery case to lock. Tracking Ring Do not block during use.⑧ ⑨08 Operating Instructions Headset Control Mode If the Controller is not connected, you can interact with the home screen by moving your head to direct the crosshairs over your intended selection and clicking the Volume Up/Down button on the VR Headset. Switch the pointer of the master Controller In the home screen, short press the Trigger of the corresponding Controller to switch the pointer of the master Controller. Screen re-centering Wear the VR Headset and look straight ahead, press and hold the Home button of the Controller or VR Headset ( or the Volume Down button of the VR Headset in head control mode) for more than 1 second to re-center the screen. Disconnect the Controller Press and hold the Home button until the status indicator turns red and the Controller vibrates. Controllers will automatically shut down to save power in the following cases: When the VR Headset enters deep sleep (a while after the VR Headset is tak en off) When the Controller is unpaired When the VR Headset is powered off Add a new Controller If you need to add a new Controller (the VR Headset can only connect one left Controller and one right Controller) or reconnect with an unpaired Controller. Go to “Settings” ► “Controller”, click on “Pair”. Press and hold the Home button and the Trigger of the Controller at the same time until the red and blue lights of the Controller flashing alternately, and then follow the instructions on the VR Headset screen. Sleep / Wake up Option 1 (Proximity Sensor) Take off VR Headset for automatic sleeping: wear the VR Headset for automat - ic waking up. Option 2 (POWER Button) Press the Power button of the VR Headset for manual sleeping or waking up.Hardware reset VR Headset reset If the visual in the VR Headset freezes, or the VR Headset does not respond after short press the Power button, you can press the Power button of the VR Headset for more than 10 seconds to reboot the VR Headset. Controller reset If the virtual Controller, the Home button or any buttons of the Controller doesn't respond, remove and reinstall the battery case to restart the Controller. The VR Headset Adjustment This device has no myopia adjustment function. The VR Headset allows wearing most standard glasses with a frame width of less than 150mm. to install Glasses Spacer to increase the space. You can install or not according to your situation.09 Install Nose Pad If you feel light leaking from your nose, please follow the picture to install Nose Pad to block the light. You can consider having it installed at your own discretion.Install Glasses Spacer If you have glasses collision with headset lens or pressure on the bridge of nose, please follow the picture to install Glasses Spacer to increase the space. You can install or not according to your situation. Disassemble the Face Cushion. Install the Nose Pad on the Face Cushion.Install the Face Cushion on the Headset. ❶ ❷❸ Disassemble the Face Cushion. Install the Glasses Spacer on the Headset.Install the Face Cushion on the Glasses Spacer. ❶ ❷❸ * Note: Disassemble the Glasses Spacer10 ❶❷Disassemble the Face Cushion. Pinch the metal buckle of the top strap as shown, press it down and pull it out. Install the Face Cushion on. ❶ ❷❸Replace Face Cushion The Face Cushion will have the following phenomena such as color change, surface fluff, soft texture after long-term use and repeated cleaning. You can replace a new Face Cushion as needed. Replace Top Strap The essential tool for PICO all-in-one VR, helping you manage your headset better>>>