<<<Imagination, the Only Limitation Small but Mighty Balanced design, easy to wear The balanced design means that the weight of the PICO 4 is evenly distributed to the front and the rear. The centre of gravity fits snugly up against the face. The rear has a cushioned support. The result is a superbly comfortable fit. The front does not sway to and fro and the rear does not slip downwards. It is highly stable. The weight of the front end has been reduced by 26.2% and its thickness reduced by 38.8%. At the rear there is a high capacity 5300mAh battery. No matter how long you wear it, you’ll be able to play non-stop. Super Light Super Clear The Proprietary Pancake optical lens allows for a wider, clearer view The Pancake optical lens has made the PICO 4 lighter and, because it refracts and reflects light between lenses, means the PICO 4 has both a wider field of view and clearer images. 4K+ Super-Vision Display The PICO 4 is equipped with two 2.56-inch Fast-LCD screens that can achieve a refresh rate as high as 90Hz. As well as resolution in excess of 2K per eye, plus a PPI performance of up to 1200. Images in VR must be completely vivid and life-like. 20.6 PPD 90 Hz 1200 PPI 105° ultra-wide field of view means superb images can be seen in full view. Motorized Inter-pupillary Distance Adjustment PICO 4 supports 62-72MM inter-pupillary distance adjustment with precision via settings menu. 6DoF spatial positioning for heightened VR experience Sub-millimetre positioning accuracy Millisecond tracking speed With proprietary omni-directional SLAM, infrared optical positioning system and upgraded optical sensors, the PICO 4 offers improved tracking and positioning for the headset and controllers, making every VR movement swift and decisive. Colour See Through has arrived. While wearing the PICO 4, it only takes one simple click to deal with any ‘interference’ from the real world. There are even more MR apps to look forward to. Stay active with all-new VR gaming PICO OS Sport Center CalSense Physical Fitness Monitoring The PICO OS 5.0 Sports Centre integrates the proprietary CalSense physical fitness monitoring algorithm, which calculates calorie consumption as you exercise, in real time. You will not sweat in vain. Rich sports management functions such as data statistics, weekly plans and friends PK are all available. HyperSense vibration controllers More sports and fitness APPs for you to choose from Personal training sessions, boxing, table tennis, tennis, badminton, bowling, fishing…For a fun, fat-burning workout, anytime, anywhere. Rediscover You VR Sports Kit VR concerts, 6DoF interactive films, live ball games, PICO VR theatre, live interest, dynamic comics ... The entertainment never stops with PICO Video. 4K+ resolution, 105 degrees panoramic view, and 90Hz Flash-LCD display. Brace yourself for a home theatre visual feast. Spatial Audio The binaural stereo speakers are equipped with sound field reconstruction technology. The sound positioning is calculated from head motion data, resulting in a precise spatial audio effect. Multi-player Cinema Invite your PICO friends to a multi-player cinema for blockbusters and live shows. Enjoy real-time voice chat and interactions with virtual avatars. Worlds apart, right beside you. Universal Quick Access Where you need it, when you need it. PICO OS 5.0 supports real-time contact with online friends. You can also share your VR perspective to personal TikToks with one click. MRC recording Allows you to record and share your point of view in the virtual world with close friends. Screencast Assistant HD, Low Latency Screencast to your phone, tablet, computer, TV… even including Chrome browsers. Find your favourite games in the PICO VR Store>>>